It is the queueing technology I used during the development of energy products (meters and other information collection and analysis hardware) in Turkey's giant meter company (now Gyro/Landis Turkey) that produces smart electricity meters. 

Thanks to about 100-300 different queues that I set up on Rabbit MQ, we developed hundreds of different consumers such as collecting, analyzing, parsing, verifying, ...., storing the data produced by today's IoT devices. In this way, we ensured that the energy data produced by 5 million devices in the field at the beginning of each hour could be taken to the center, thrown directly into the queues, the incoming data was analyzed thanks to the codes at the end of the queues, and thrown into other related queues. At the last stage, thanks to some queues, the data content analyzed data was reflected in the relevant databases. Thanks to this process, it was ensured that on average 1TB of new incoming data per day was processed, processed, analyzed and analyzed, and clean data was transferred to the databases. Later, thanks to other tasks that also examined SQL, data was made into lower tables by queues and data ready for invoicing, data that could be analyzed for loss and leakage, and accurate data that could be analyzed quickly according to different criteria were produced. I know that this project is used in many countries today, and I am sure that with the right infrastructure and service architectures, I will be able to provide bidirectional communication of many more online devices. In other words, we have specially redeveloped the infrastructure of many IOT service companies in the market due to the laws in our country.
