# My Development Adventure
My computer engineering education started in 1991. I have been involved in many projects until today. Especially the development of ERP systems and electricity distribution and billing were among the most current issues in those days.
# The Beginning of My Istanbul Adventure
In the 2000s, I worked as a computer and software engineer in Istanbul in a company that sells the largest textile machinery in Turkey. Mobile phones were just entering our lives in those days. My first mobile application was an order and reservation system integrated with the organization's ERP system. The machines sold were very expensive and in limited quantities in warehouses. The sales staff in the field, who were constantly serving customers, were in a race to put reservations on the machines. These features alone enabled the application we developed to take 50X more orders. Because now everything in the field was measurable. The conversations when they went to the customer were recorded and constantly analyzed by the managers. In just one year, we achieved sales figures of over 2 billion dollars.
# The Beginning of My Competencies
Microsoft Turkey started to give its first seminars on .NET architectures. I always liked to go to the Microsoft building and listen to new technologies. I saw mobile application development in a Microsoft seminar in 2000 and applied it in the company I worked for.

In one of the next seminars, an announcement was made. 8 people in Turkey would be trained to explain .NET architectures. **I was very interested in the .NET Competent Partner program and I completed the training as one of those 8 people. This choice changed my whole life.**

Shortly after completing the training, I received an offer from Bilgeadam Information Technologies Academy, one of the largest authorized Microsoft training centers in Turkey. I was asked to be a technology trainer. In my Bilgeadam adventure, which lasted for 6 years in total, I was now training new trainers in the field of software. The process that continued for many years as a trainer, writing technology books on behalf of the organization, training trainers and becoming the Head of Software Training Department in Turkey was an incredible experience for me. I am sure there are many people who want to be in my shoes. My friends and students from those days continue to work in highly respected positions in many countries around the world or continue to produce projects in their own companies.

I have been developing projects in .NET architectures and C# language since 2001. I have developed applications on all platforms with Windows-based, web-based, IOS-based (with Objective C), Android-based (with Java) and hybrid technologies. In the web development process that started with ASP, I had to make many improvements with PHP language. 

I have tremendous experience especially in Linux operating system packages and windows server technologies today. 

**I briefly told you about myself with a quick story. Now I would like to talk about my competencies and then my projects. You will find many reasons to work with me, I am sure of it.**

# SQL Training
In 2000, I started using SQL server with a special training lasting about 2 weeks. In those days, the certificate was signed by Bil Gates himself. I am one of the lucky ones who have one of those certificates.
I have used SQL Server 7-2000 and all its versions in my projects. In general, I continue to develop all my coding as SQL procedures, a habit from those days.

# Rabbit MQ
It is the queueing technology I used during the development of energy products (meters and other information collection and analysis hardware) in Turkey's giant meter company (now Gyro/Landis Turkey) that produces smart electricity meters. 

Thanks to about 100-300 different queues that I set up on Rabbit MQ, we developed hundreds of different consumers such as collecting, analyzing, parsing, verifying, ...., storing the data produced by today's IoT devices. In this way, we ensured that the energy data produced by 5 million devices in the field at the beginning of each hour could be taken to the center, thrown directly into the queues, the incoming data was analyzed thanks to the codes at the end of the queues, and thrown into other related queues. At the last stage, thanks to some queues, the data content analyzed data was reflected in the relevant databases. Thanks to this process, it was ensured that on average 1TB of new incoming data per day was processed, processed, analyzed and analyzed, and clean data was transferred to the databases. Later, thanks to other tasks that also examined SQL, data was made into lower tables by queues and data ready for invoicing, data that could be analyzed for loss and leakage, and accurate data that could be analyzed quickly according to different criteria were produced. I know that this project is used in many countries today, and I am sure that with the right infrastructure and service architectures, I will be able to provide bidirectional communication of many more online devices. In other words, we have specially redeveloped the infrastructure of many IOT service companies in the market due to the laws in our country.

# SOLID
It is a coding approach that I have been talking about in many trainings since it was first introduced and that I care about. In fact, it includes many disciplines. In a very simple way, I have always managed to explain SOLID principles to my students. Almost all of them still continue to this day to make developments that strictly adhere to this technique.

## Simple Responsibility
An object should have only one responsibility. The most important statement we need to understand here is that a class should not be loaded with different tasks and responsibilities. To put it more clearly, a class or package that contains code for sending mail should be expected to specialize in mail. The content of the package should actually adopt this approach. A package or class that specializes in sending mail should not specialize in printing in the same way. It would be the right approach for all classes in the package to consist of parts that will fulfill the tasks in mail, to include the documentation on this subject, and to diversify the classes according to mail sending protocols. Within a class, there should be enough functions and parameters to send mail, more than that would be incorrect. In short, a class should be responsible for only one task. For example, sending mail. If you think of it as a package, a package approach that specializes in sending mail would be a great approach in terms of maintenance costs and understandability in the future.

This approach gives us significant cost advantages in terms of maintenance and future development. If we adapt it to today, we can think of the same approach for web APIs. Expecting everything from a single API would not be the right approach. While a different API package is released for SSO, different API packages can be developed for finance, and each package can provide an integrated API farm by providing Single Sign On (SSO) infrastructure thanks to common keys. With this approach, smaller APIs can be developed. As a result, there is no need for massive testing. 

